The next thing to do is create
our training, validation,
and test sets.
This is something
you're probably
going to have to do for
every network you build,
so it's good practice to
do this for every data
set you're using.
And I found that a
lot of, basically
like every different data set
has a different way to do this.
Just because things
are different
shapes, and the
way that you want
to put your data into
your network is different.
So you end up having
to do this in a lot
of different ways, many times.
So typically with this, you
have some split fraction
where you define like what's
the fraction of my data
that I want to keep
in the test set.
Most of the time this is
usually like 0.8 or 0.9.
So here I split the
data into a training set
for the features, a validation
set for the features,
and then training for the
labels, and validation
for the labels.
And then from there,
split the validation
set into a smaller validation
set and a test set,
and another validation for the
labels and test for the labels.
If you do this right, these
are the shape of the features
that you should see.
So like the train x,
validation x, and test x,
should be these sizes.